# project-t04-youtubevoice

We are attemping to answer the question: What if Prof H. had a russian female accent? Youtube Voice is a Chrome extension that is able to read youtube subtitles and convert them into an actual voice, which is generated by text-to-speech. This way, you can listen to normally silent subtitled videos or change the voice of whoever is speaking. We plan to add the ability to customize the voice, i.e. changing the accent, pitch, language, etc. Eventually we could utilize A.I. to further customize the voice to mimic famous people and characters.

# User roles

As of right now, we anticipate there being only one type of user. This is just a standard user of the extension that seeks to add voice to a video. Since there is no potential for spam or adding any content of any sort and for the sake of ease of access, we do not have any permissions.

## Setting up Development Environment

Recommended environment: Ubuntu 21.04, macOS

### Prerequisite

* Nodejs 12
* Yarn
* Parcel
* Chrome
* Internet access

### Install Nodejs

On Ubuntu/Debian:

```sh
sudo apt-get autoremove --purge nodejs yarn
curl -fsSL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_16.x | sudo -E bash -
sudo apt-get install -y nodejs
```

On macos (Homebrew):

```sh
brew install node
```

### Install yarn

```sh
npm install --global yarn
```

## Building package

### Install nodejs deps

```sh
yarn install
```

### Development: Live reloading

> Live reloading is slow on WSL. Use at your own risk!

```sh
yarn run start
```

### Build extension bundle

```sh
yarn run build
```

## Dependencies

* fast-xml-parser: Parsing XML data from Youtube API.

## Current Tasks

Bisman Sodhi - Communication channel

Kaleb Guo - Speed Control

Hunter Massey - Communication channel

Haolan Li - Speech synthesis

Aditya Gupta - Speed stuff

## Things to do

Bisman Sodhi - Everything

Hunter Massey - Something

Kaleb Guo - Everything else

Haolan Li - Nothing else

Aditya Gupta - Something else

## Tech Stack

We are using Javascript with Google Chrome web APIs, HTML, and CSS.

## Functionality

* Giving Prof Höllerer a russian female accent

## Known problems

* Javascript is a hot pile of garbage
* Chrome asychrounous APIs are a hot pile of garbage too
* Message passing between content script and background is messy
* Background code not structured

## Contributing

Contributions are welcomed!

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: git checkout -b my-new-feature
3. Commit your changes: git commit -am 'Add some feature'
4. Push to the branch: git push origin my-new-feature
5. Submit a pull request :D
